Difference between Git and GitHub?
Answer:- Git:- 1) Git is basically a open source distributeb version-control system.
               When a team works on real-life projects, git helps ensure no code conflicts between the developers.
               Furthermore we can add on or often change the project requirements.
               The concept of branching allows several projects to run in the same codebase.
         
      GitHub:- GitHub is in name itself says that its a HUB or projects or communities etc., GitHub is simply a Git repository hosting service that 
               provides a web-based graphical interface.
               GitHub repositories can be made public or private based on the secirity of an organisation.
               All the documents and codes are placed in one repository so it makes easy code hosting.
               GitHub has a feature of pull requests and issues in which all the developers can stay on the same page and organize.
               
               
              
Explain very briefly any 5 basic git commands.
                  
              git config
Usage: git config –global user.name “[name]”

Usage: git config –global user.email “[email address]”

This command sets the author name and email address respectively to be used with your commits.


              git init
     Usage: git init [repository name]

    This command is used to start a new repository.
    
    
             git clone
     Usage: git clone [url]

   This command is used to obtain a repository from an existing URL.
   
   
   
             git add
     Usage: git add [file]

  This command adds a file to the staging area.
  
  
             git commit
Usage: git commit -m “[ Type in the commit message]”

This command records or snapshots the file permanently in the version history.


How to make a Pull Request?


Once WE've committed changes to our local copy of the repository, click the Create Pull Request icon.
Check that the local branch and repository we're merging from, and the remote branch and repository we're merging into, are correct. Then give the pull request a title and a description.
Click Create.




